SKMLI-111-INTERNSHIP-TASKS
T A S K 1 A - Implementation of Decision Tree Algorithm Using M L Fundamentals (program to demonstrate the working of the decision tree algorithm.) ii) Back Propagation Algorithm Using M L Fundamentals. (program for implementing the Back propagation algorithm and test the same using appropriate datasets.) 1 B - Naïve Bayesian Classifier for Text Classification (Assuming a set of documents that need to be classified, use the naïve Bayesian classifier model to perform this task. Built-in Java classes/API can be used to write the program. Calculate the accuracy, precision, and recall for your dataset.) T A S K 2 - Rapido Bike Ride Request Forecast using ML (we will try to predict ride-request for a particular hour using machine learning.) T A S K 3 - Health disorder Predictor Using Machine Learning (aims to implement a robust machine-learning model that can efficiently predict the disease of a human, based on the symptoms that he/she possesses.) PHASE IV : MINI PROJECT - WINE QUALITY PREDICTOR USING M L Here we will predict the quality of wine on the basis of given features. We use the wine quality dataset available on Internet for free. This dataset has the fundamental features which are responsible for affecting the quality of the wine. By the use of several Machine learning models, we will predict the quality of the wine. PHASE IV : MINI PROJECT - IPL SCORE PREDICTOR USING M L & D L we often see the scoreline showing the probability of the team winning based on the current match situation. This prediction is usually done with the help of data analytics. Before, when there were no advancements in machine learning, predictions were usually based on intuition or some basic algorithms.


